test_runner: support object property mocking (#58438)
nodejs/node: doc/api/test.md

});
```

> ### `mock.value(object, valueName, value)`

Reviewer: Is there any reason to make `value` required? In some of the other mocking functions, we make this optional so that we can spy on the existing value instead of needing to provide a new one.

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

* `object` {Object} The object whose value is being mocked.

> * `valueName` {string|symbol} The identifier of the value on object to mock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `propertyName` {string|symbol} The identifier of the property on `object` to mock.
```

> * `value` {any} A value used as the mock value for `object[valueName]`.

Reviewer: The return value is missing here. See the docs for `mock.method()` for an example.

Creates a mock for a property value on an object. This allows you to track and control access to a specific property,
including how many times it is read (getter) or written (setter), and to restore the original value after mocking.

```js
test('mocks a property value', (t) => {
  const obj = { foo: 42 };
  const valueMock = t.mock.value(obj, 'foo', 100);

  assert.strictEqual(obj.foo, 100);
  assert.strictEqual(valueMock.callGetterCount(), 1);

  obj.foo = 200;
  assert.strictEqual(obj.foo, 200);
  assert.strictEqual(valueMock.callSetterCount(), 1);

  valueMock.restore();
  assert.strictEqual(obj.foo, 42);
});
```

> The returned mock object provides the following methods:

Reviewer: `MockValueContext` needs its own section in the docs instead of being mentioned here. See `MockFunctionContext` for an example.

* `callGetterCount()`: Retrieves the number of times the property was read.
* `callSetterCount()`: Retrieves the number of times the property was written.
* `callCount()`: Retrieves the total number of times the property was accessed (getter or setter).
* `mockValue(value)`: Sets the current mock value.
* `resetCallGetters()`: Resets only the getter call count.
* `resetCallSetters()`: Resets only the setter call count.
* `resetCalls()`: Resets both getter and setter call counts.

> * `restore()`: Restores the original property value and descriptor.

Reviewer: I think this API should be reworked to be more like the one of `MockFunctionContext` so that there is a more consistent user experience. I'm also not sure we need so many different small APIs here.

I'd definitely like to see something resembling `MockFunctionContext.calls` here. We might name it something different since these aren't methods (maybe `accesses`?). That way, we get more than just the count of accesses. We could see the actual call stacks for each access, as well as if it was a read or write, etc.
